Schoen Goodfellas - your boys small
soldier right here barking action once
again with some more sass inscri tree ah
this time I can show y'all dudes them
how to get full synchronization on this
mission Boston's Most Wanted in which
media's need to primarily remove some
down posters and keep a low notoriety
level so what a lot let's get started so
after we speak with all bear buddy
Samuel Adams right here what we need to
do is remove some down posters you don't
even want to deal with us until we now
remove these posters I mean what kind of
sorcery is this what kind of malarkey
this dude got going on anyway mine first
thing that you do is jump into the water
head over to this Redcoat snatch him up
and pull him in and this supposed to
write it it's the first poster that
we're going to remove now a thing to
note is that when I just initially so
where when I did this mission the first
time i did this mission like three times
when I just had it straight and remove
the poster I got caught when I walked in
the curve then they didn't see me for
whatever reason
anyway snatch up this dude after hiding
in this barn I hate that's all Samuel
Adams right there walking by he's still
telling us hearing a mess without seeing
a deal with us at all dread till we
remove these posters so head up top hill
now you see these other two dudes
patrolling wait till they leave it don't
risk or make no sense trying to go down
take them out I guess you could if you
feel confident but I wouldn't risk it
just wait till a head out drop on down
move this poster here and I start so we
remove the posters there now let's head
back to old Samuel Adams on a side note
though mr. Samuel Adams is viewed in
somewhat of a controversial type of
figure so maybe y'all can look that up
for more details so I jump back into the
water mom because I didn't feel - how
could I say this I didn't feel too safe
just walking straight across so once we
head back to Samuel Adams we now trying
to get into the print shop but we cannot
get in it's a little trouble getting in
and the optional objective at this point
is to remain have a low notoriety level
count go red alert come on and conquer
so once you had close to the print shop
every way into that bust it blocked off
I mean these dudes got it all God but
what you want to do is mine run over
here because you won't deal with the
cards that could potentially provide the
least amount of resistance so run over
yonder here and then you see these two
jokers these the ones I dealt with now
some dudes is patrolling if they Patrol
they make sure you look up on the mob to
make sure the dein coming your way
I take they circle around the block as
you can see from the mini-map look like
they bolt ahead in this direction so we
need to make quick work now I wanted to
do the double assassination on them but
it ain't really work out so I kind of
put them out as quick as possible and
then haul ass to the spot and once I get
there boom not yet let it boom coming in
boom there we go into the underground
optional objective met Boston's Most
Wanted complete see we get them points
full synchronization so folks um that's
pretty much that right there MA pretty
quick pretty short just wanted to bring
you guys this video in case you had a
little trouble with this mission like I
said I did this joke Oh a couple of
times the one that just gave me the
problem was that first poster because
once I would take it down if I would
head straight to go take it down after
taking out that first red coat them
dudes would see me for whatever reason I
don't know little it might be a little
glitch you knows what if I would walk
around and a curve kind of almost you
know then they then they wouldn't see me
so I guess it would make sense I don't
know but let me know your thoughts about
all this in the comments below as always
I appreciate the support stay tuned I'll
be bringing more videos like this and
with that I'll see you all guys them in
the next video